How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I was able to pinpoint the changes in the new file, so that I can remove that bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Suppose after an update, a bug crept in, so if I have a history of a file, i can easily rollback to a previous working code. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: I can decide what all changes are to be saved into the file manually. If i write some experimental code, i don't want it to get saved into my working code. I want the possibility of an error occurance to be minimal.

    Cons: If i forget to commit for a while, rolling back to previous version wouldn't be easy. Also if some accidental infrastructure failure happens, I might lose some important code, something unlikely to happen while working with Google docs.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    A working project will contain numerous files (java, res, etc for android) and while improving a version, multiple files might be changed, thus multiple 
    changes should be considered for a commit, so that if a rollback to previous version is to be made, a completely working previous version project can be
    obtained.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log provides us with every commit ever made, starting with most recent one.
    git diff shows the change in 2 different versions of the same project.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I can confidently experiment with my code, so that if some functionality breaks, i can easily rollback to a previous version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To create a VCS.

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Most visible change is the creation of a .git folder. Without initialising, we can't track versions for our working file.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	We can hand pick history of which files are to be stored in a new commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	add only files which incorporate a single logical change, and commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	When trying out new features, we dont want to break main code. So just branch out, and when it is complete, merge it to master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	We can understand parent-child relations more easily. We can indentify possible detached head issues.